[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert today we're talking
about the 1973 horror classic The
Exorcist so let's get started the film
takes place in Georgetown where actress
Chris MacNeil is working and living with
her 12 year old daughter Regan Chris has
just finished the final scene of her
film with her associate Burke dennings
after playing with a know eg bored Regan
begins to act strangely stealing and
becoming a violent at a party that her
mother hosts Regan tells an astronaut
that he is going to quote die up there
and begins urinating on the floor
she later begins to shake violently in
her bed in a very unnatural way Chris
meets with several doctors but they
cannot find anything physically wrong
with her daughter
one night when Burke dennings is
babysitting Chris returns home to find
that Burke has died from falling out of
reagan's window and falling down to the
outside stairs Burke's death is
investigated by Lieutenant William
kinderman he also interviews a priest
and psychiatrist Father Damien Karras
whose mother just recently died thinking
that Reagan's condition is psychiatric
doctors recommend that she have an
exorcism Chris meets with father Karras
and after recording Regan speaking
backwards and in languages that she
couldn't know along with having the
words helped me appearing on her stomach
father Karras is convinced that she is
actually possessed another priest is
brought in to lead the exorcism father
Merrin who has spent some time in Iraq
and first encountered the demon Pazuzu
the same demon who is now possessing
Regan both priests witnessed the
possessed Reagan's violent and vulgar
actions and the stubborn Pazuzu resists
the exorcism and continues to toy with
them especially with father Karras
oftentimes mocking him with the voice of
his dead mother father Merrin dismisses
Karras as he is showing weakness and
attempts the exorcism alone when Karras
returns however he finds that Merrin is
dead Kara's attacks Laughing Pazuzu and
father Karras demands that Pazuzu
possess him once Pazuzu enters file
caris he throws himself from the window
mortally injuring himself and the
sacrifice leaves Regan unpossessed as
Karras is dying a friend father Dyer
administers his last rites a few days
later we see Regan back to normal
leaving for Los Angeles with her mother
the film ends with lieutenant kinderman
and father Dyer walking off and talking
so that was the spoilers for the
Exorcist if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below remember to check
us out on our various forms of social
media and to LIKE and subscribe thanks
for watching